README.md, before:

Hello Everyone, this is my new project.
It is about gym. It is about workout
The project allows people and thire personal trainer keep track of their processes such as gym performace, diet etc. Moreover, the application also allow pt to set up some diet/program for their student.

If you want to know the details of frontend or backend, please read the README.md inside frontend or backend folder

Frontend: ReactJS (Typescript) https://reactjs.org/ , 
Frontend UI framework: MUi https://mui.com/ ,
Backend: NestJS (Typescript) https://nestjs.com/  ,
DB: Postgres SQL https://www.postgresql.org/  ,


To Run My Application:

!! Need Docker in your OS !!
https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/

1. git clone my project
2. then cd to the project
3. run docker compose build
4. then run docker compose up
5. Go to http://localhost:3000 

Process

1. Main layout for my appplication
2. Login Systme With Jwt Authentication
3. Internationalization(i18n) for my applcation 
4. Basic design for my application
5. user registration
6. food and exercises creation/update/delete
7. User/ Coach Registration Flow Successfully


TODO List:
1. weight and diet tracking
2. workout planning and diet planning
3. Error handling im frontend when web app receive error from the backend
4. seraching on the food(finished), exercise page
5. build a table component for my web app --> 60% !need review!
6. remove "any" 
7. Logging in the backend
8. Code Review




Flow for Coach Registration:
1. Just directly do the registration in the registration page

Flow for User Registration:
1. directly do the registration in the registration page by entering your coach name
2. Then, your coach needs to active your account so that you can access the your coach's resources

Commit message:

allow user to add weight record(TODO) and display it as a chart(DONE)

README.md, after:

Hello Everyone, this is my new project.
It is about gym. It is about workout
The project allows people and thire personal trainer keep track of their processes such as gym performace, diet etc. Moreover, the application also allow pt to set up some diet/program for their student.

If you want to know the details of frontend or backend, please read the README.md inside frontend or backend folder

Frontend: ReactJS (Typescript) https://reactjs.org/ , 
Frontend UI framework: MUi https://mui.com/ ,
Backend: NestJS (Typescript) https://nestjs.com/  ,
DB: Postgres SQL https://www.postgresql.org/  ,


To Run My Application:

!! Need Docker in your OS !!
https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/

1. git clone my project
2. then cd to the project
3. run docker compose build
4. then run docker compose up
5. Go to http://localhost:3000 

Process

1. Main layout for my appplication
2. Login Systme With Jwt Authentication
3. Internationalization(i18n) for my applcation 
4. Basic design for my application
5. user registration
6. food and exercises creation/update/delete
7. User/ Coach Registration Flow Successfully
8. allow user to add weight record(TODO) and display it as a chart(DONE)


TODO List:
1. weight and diet tracking
2. workout planning and diet planning
3. Error handling im frontend when web app receive error from the backend
4. seraching on the food(finished), exercise page
5. build a table component for my web app --> 60% !need review!
6. remove "any" 
7. Logging in the backend
8. Code Review




Flow for Coach Registration:
1. Just directly do the registration in the registration page

Flow for User Registration:
1. directly do the registration in the registration page by entering your coach name
2. Then, your coach needs to active your account so that you can access the your coach's resources
